# Callbacks
  - Asynchronous Callback functions approach
  - setTimeout() 

# Crow Nest Computer
  - Storage Bulbs

/*************************************************/
# Callbacks
/*************************************************/
# An asynchronous programming approch:
  - is to make functions that perform a slow action take an extra argument, a "callback" function.
  - The action is started, and when it finishes, the callback function is called with the result.

# Ex: setTimeout() : 
  waits a given number of milliseconds and then calls a function.

  Syntax: setTimeout(CB_function, waitingTime)

  setTimeout(() => console.log("Callback log"), 500);

# Crow nest Computers have:
  * "Long-term data storage bulb": 
  - (JSON file) where pieces of information are stored so that they can be retrieved later
  - Storing or finding data, takes a moment, so the interface to long-term storage is asynchronous and uses callback functions.

  * "Storage bulbs" store pieces of JSON-encodable data under names. A crow might store information about the places where it's hidden food under the name "food caches",
    - Which could hold an array of names that point at other pieces of data, describing the actual cache.

  * => To look up a food cache in the storage bulbs of the big Oak nest, a crow could run code like this:
  
  # import {bigOak} from "./crow-tech";
  # 
  # bigOak.readStorage("food caches", caches => { 
  #   let firstCashe = cashes[0];
  #   bigOak.readStorage(firstCahse, infor => {
  #     console.log(info);
  #   });
  # });

  - This style of programming is workable, but the identation level increases with each asynchronous action because you end up in another function.

* Crows Computers uses "request-response" communications pairs:
  - That means one nest sends a message to another nest, which then immediately sends a message back, confirming receipt and possibly including a reply to a question asked in the message.
  - Each message is tagged with a type, which determines how it is handled.
  - Our code can define handlers for specific request types, and when such a request comes in, the handler is called to produce a response.
  * The interface exported by the "./crow-tech" module provides callback-based functions for communication.
  * "Send ()" method: that sends off a request. It expects:
    - 4 arguments (The name of the target nest, the type of the request, the content of the request)
    - The 4th argument (a function to call when the response comes in)

  # bigOak.send("Cow Pasture", "note", "Let's caw loudly at 7PM",
  #              () => cosole.log("Note delivered."));

  * The "defineRequestType" function defines a new type of request. 

  - But first we need to define a request type named "note"
  import {defineRequestType} from "./crow-tech";
  * console.log() is called so that we verify that the request arrived.
  * Nests have a "name" property that holds their name. 
  * "done" is a callback function that it must call when it is done with the request .
    - If we had used the handler's return value as teh response value, that would mean that a request handler can't itself perform asynchronous actions. "A function doing asynchronous work typically returns before the work is done."
    - So we need some asynchronous mechanism - in this case, another callback function - to signal when a response is available.

  # defineRequestType("note", (nest, content, source, done) => {
  #   console.log(`${nest.name} received note: ${content}`);
  #   done();
  # });

  # "Asynchronicity is contagious"
    - Any function that calls a function that works asynchronously must itself be asynchronous, using a call back or similar mechanism to deliver it's result. 
    # More Error-prone:
    calling a callback is somewhat more involved and error-prone than simply returning a value, no needing to structure large parts of your program that way is not great. 


/*************************************************/
