#Content:
* Intro
* Asynchronicity
  - Synchronous Programming model
  - Asynchronous model
  - Thread
  - Implicit Vs. Explicit Waiting
* Crow Tech

/*******************************************************/
Intro
/*******************************************************/
- The programs we have seen so far in this book are things that keep the processor busy until they have finish their work.
- But many programs interact with thigs outsice of the processor.
  Ex: request data from the hard disk - whick is a lot slower than getting it from the memory -
- The processor should not just sit idle, and do some other work in the meantime.
/*******************************************************/
Asynchronicity 
/*******************************************************/
# Synchronous Programming model: 
  - Things happen one at a time
  - When you call a function that performs a long-running action, it returns only when the action has finished and it can return the result.
  - Stops your program for the time the action takes

# Asynchronous model: 
  - Allows multiple things to happen at the same time.
  - When you start an action, your program continues to run. 
  - When the action finishes, the program is informed and gets access to the result (Ex. the data read from disk)

# A thread: 
  is another running program whose execution may be interleaved with other programs by the operating system - since most modern computers contain multiple porcessors, multiple threads may even run at the same time, on different porcessors.

* EX: A program that fetches two resources from the network and then combine results.
  # In a Synchronous environment, 
  - The easiest way to perform this task is to make the requests one after the other. Time-wise drawback, the total time taken will be at least the sum of the two response times.
  - The solution, is to start additional threads of control. A second thread could start the second request, and then both threads wait for their results to come back, after which they resynchronize to combine their results.
  - The time taken by the network is part of the timeline for a given thread of control. 

  # In the asynchronous model:
  - starting a network action conceptually causes a split in the timeline. The program that intiated the action continues running, and the action happens alongside it, notifying the program when it's finished.
  - It makes expressing programs that do not fit the strait-line model of control easier, but it can also make expressing programs that do follow a straight line more awkward. 

  # Implicit Vs. Explict waiting
  - Another way to describe the difference is that waiting for actions to finish is implicit in the synchronous model. while it is explicit, under our contorl, in the asynchronous one.
/*******************************************************/
Crow Tech
/*******************************************************/
In an astounding example of convergent evolution, crow computers run JavaScript.
/*******************************************************/
